hi it's Brian van from
sportbiketrackgear.com going to do just
a brief video review today on the icon
ladies Merck textile jacket this is the
nice jacket the chest they use here is
of good quality if you happen to go down
in this it's designed to absorb as much
abrasion as a textile jacket is capable
of built into this jacket we've got CD
protectors which are removable of course
if you choose to do so in the elbows and
the shoulders okay I'll show you in a
second height and get that out of your
bike the back of the jacket as a pad
Sonnen here as well okay to cover the
lower back which is nice down the fall
down that's certainly an impact area
it's going to help you out there we have
a back pad sewn into the jacket here as
well just kind of a foam back pad to
absorb some energy nothing super
substantial in terms of airflow you know
the majority of the mesh on this jacket
the textile here it's not going to float
on air but all these stretch panels
which go from you know there's a
blackjack with a black stretch pants
gonna be hard to pick up but it starts
right here goes all the way down to the
side and it's all the way into the arm
as well okay that's going to be
basically free flowing that's going to
move quite a bit of air into the jacket
they extend all the way to the back here
in the shoulders and then we have the
exhaust vents it's going to allow the
air that came in to go out i'll show you
that right here just simple zip down
when it's warmer out zip it open
remember air in it has to come out in
order to have a cooling effect that's
what those are therefore zip that back
up the merge akot is more of a stealth
look you know it's available in two
different colors the white and the black
there's really not a whole lot of bold
styling on this which is the look that
some ladies are after we did have some
nice stuff and broidered on here they
keep it in black on the sleeve as well
we're doubled up and the higher impact
areas here in the elbow I mean this all
in all we think this is a nice mesh
jacket in terms of adjustment at the
cuff there's really not a whole lot
we've got an expandable panel underneath
so if you want to ride around
unzipped it opens up more zip that
closed you got one simple snap closure
here in terms of pockets on this jacket
got to external pockets one on each side
there zipped out so anything you put in
there is going to stay place that's
certainly good adjustment on the side of
the jacket is accomplished two ways one
with the spandex stretch panel and two
we've got your velcro closure here this
is also you know kind of stretchy on its
own accord even this little expansion
adjustment here so that's good it's
going to fit a lot of different ladies
real well we find these jackets from
ikon fit true to size you know if you're
typically a small order of small you're
going to be just fine with that inside
the jacket we've got a zip down stash
pocket right here just like all the
other icons stuff all the other icon
jackets it has the Saint Christopher
medal sewn into a little secret pocket
in there it's kind of a neat feature
lots of great detail from icon as always
something I think the ladies are really
going to like is this it's got a real
simple strap at the back young snap it
put it around the back belt loop of your
pants in the center it's going to keep
the pats up in the jacket down you're on
the freeway bent over that's a great
thing you probably don't want to show
you know exactly what you're wearing
underneath every time you're on your
motorcycle it offers that same strap on
both sides of the front as well so you
keep the front of the jacket down to
nice feature there really looking out
for you there the very bottom of the
jacket to protect the gas tank from
getting scratched they've got a little
panel which is velcros over covers up a
zipper protects the gas tank the neck on
this jacket you know there's really not
a lot of collar it's kind of a
collarless jacket if you will i keeps it
more comfortable it's easy to rotate
your head so on so forth all in all this
Jack excelled at a very affordable price
from icon we like it quite a bit this is
what you're looking for have no worries
you're going to joy the jacket